John I know that we're having a lot of
fun here but I do want to talk about
something serious I know something that
means a lot to us and an organization
you work with yep
you recorded it's an announcement and I
think that's just want to take a second
yeah thank you for bringing that up
I've had I've been honored to do
wonderful ad campaigns for the Ad
Council I did a PSA on diversity which
is was very well received so thank you
for those to say that I just about a
month ago I did a PSA for the
make-a-wish Foundation which is great
organization my heart on world wish day
that's April 29th I recently was a part
of what I feel is a another cause that
thinks needs to be addressed and you
guys were happy enough to be able to
premiere it oh here yeah you don't mind
here it is thank you very much I
appreciate it hello I'm WWE Superstar an
actor and that's it John Cena here to
talk to you about an epidemic that
plagues nearly every American who drives
being stuck behind someone who won't
inch into the intersection before making
the left come on
these people are not people they're
animals they're garbage people who look
just like you and me mostly you so if
you find yourself about to turn left
please remember this helpful acronym i T
fu it stands for inch and I'm gonna do
this
[Music]
remember John Cena says move up an inch
it's a cinch ITF you know but I can do
this paid for by the partnership for
inching the rockers thanks for watching
if you like that video click the
subscribe button and if you didn't like
it will you hurt my feelings